This is our chat window for now
You send entire folder "myproject"???
yeah
The main folder is MYPROJECT and the child folder is myproject?
yes and myapp
the main folders for this project is myapp, myproject, api-gateway and watson_integration


Do not move cursor. it takes away control from my side.

Also, put all the files that you do not want to send in .gitignore file

can u guide me how to do tht

Sure.
here is what you do: 
	Put names of all the folders that you do not want to send in .gitignore


like this?
Okay, so here is how you use *:
	if you have a file with name test_ then you do test*
when you have file with name _test_ then you do *test*
If you have multiple __test__ then you do **test**

If you have multiple like this __test then **test

Got my point?


Basically if you have some pattern in file name and you want all the files to be included in .gitignore then you use *

getting the point?

Noo


here _ represents chars and not literal underscores
ah ok got it

add more folders that need not to be pushed

ok

Hey, does this dir have more than one .git file?
Did you change the config of .git to handle more than one repo push?
no i dont think so

Why there are 2 source controls here?

wait let me delete tht from main it is useless
will it solve the problem now?

you are using master branch, correct?
Hello?
You there?
yes


ok wait so how do i know which files r huge nd need lfs for them



ok idk the folder is empty but wont delete

????
hello r u there

hey, the .git file was inside the Ai-Interview folder?
no
it was separate
already deleted

Do you see there are 2 gits
i had no idea abt this

The entire github is created because of this

It is trying to push in some other git

Open your github

Hey why are you pushing credentials in GitHub?
Your repo is public
ah some coding needed to hv the key
let me make it private right away

Hey this is again not proper. Why there are so many pips?
i initially made the project there by mistake so i just continued 

Finally done
!!

YESSSSSSSS
FINALLY
THANK YOU SO MUCH

Great work partner
i did nothing 🙃

It was a team work

Also, I will take your leave now!

run the command here

could u figure out the problem ?
kinda but not exactly sure
what is it?

The issue is created when you change the auth user model after you do the migrations. In your case I think you have done the same. You first created migrations with the default user model and later you changed it, is that correct?

i dont think so i changed it cause from start i hv customuser and before yest night i nv got the issue. Okay, your changes that you had done previously were replaced

i did some coding and changes yest but i doubt i touched models at all






i think u should sleep, it is late and solution to this doesn't seem close

Yes, that seems true. I will try to figure the soln until tomorrow. There are many loose ends here

ok cool sorry to drag u for this
i spoilt ur night

hey, no. I work late

So no worries and have a good night
u also bye bye
bye




















